Added Figma changelog for v4.24 (#3258)
hashicorp/design-system: packages/components/CHANGELOG-FIGMA-COMPONENTS.md

# [HDS Components UI Kit v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&node-id=2-7&t=HYGTIoXBy2YkVWDP-1)

## October 1st, 2025

This changelog corresponds with the [4.24](/whats-new/release-notes#4240) release.

`AdvancedTable` - Added support for reordering columns.

> `Stepper Nav` - Fixed a bug that was preventing the progress line from scaling property.

Reviewer: Consistency in component names
```suggestion
`StepperNav` - Fixed a bug that was preventing the progress line from scaling property.
```

`Form / Layout` - Updated the order of actions to correspond with [button organization](/patterns/button-organization) guidelines.

> `SuperSelect::Multiple` - Added `Separator` and `GroupTitle` list items to the component.

Author: There's another instance of this from the past, I've updated as well
